Finish them!
-No!
-Hold fire!
Hold fire!
Yeong-ro.
No…
-Yeong-ro.
-Soo-ho…
Yeong-ro.
You must live.
No matter… how hard it gets.
Okay?
Soo-ho… No! Soo-ho!
-Soo-ho!
-Lower your guns, you bastards!
Lower your guns! Who told you to shoot?
-Hey, come here.
-No!
-Get out now.
Soo-ho!
Come out now!
This afternoon, the party to celebrate
candidate Park Mu-yeol's election
was held by the Aemin Party
at Hankuk Exhibition Center in Gangnam.
And about 8,000 eminent persons
from various circles attended.
SEIZED
RAINBOW BANKBOOK
In his celebration speech today,
President-elect Park Mu-yeol said that
his election was not a victory
for him and his party,
but a victory for all who wish for
stability and democratic growth.
By relieving issues of disparity between
classes, generations, and regions
during his campaign run,
he pledged to turn the country
into a first world nation.
Meanwhile, some have suspicions about
president-elect Park Mu-yeol's connections
to Nam Tae-il, the former
Secretary-General of Aemin Party,
Eun Chang-su,
the former Director of the ANSP,
and An Gyeong-hui, the former OPC Chief,
along with former President Jo.
But the president-elect's side
says that it's a false rumor
people spread to nullify his election,
and that there will be
no sanctuary in revealing the truth
behind the Hosu University
election scheme.
EVERGREEN BOOKSTORE
MAJOR EVENT 1987
BIG BARGAIN SALE
1988 SUMMER VACATION FESTIVAL